Assume the role of developing an application of chatbot assisting an human to create an LinkedIn post from his provided data. Your job is to provide an robust approach/solution to build an optimized application. Use python as backend and html css and js as frontend.
 
# Here is the application description: 

## The frontend ui for application look like:  

### a. Home page(index.html) description:
The Home page consist of multiple cards listed showcasing each event which consist of card content: 
1. Topic of the event (name assign by llm  while creating new event) 
2. An short description of event  (Description generated by llm while creating new event) 
3. Date of event. (date when user create that event) 
4. A "generate" button below these content inside each card. once i click on start it should navigate to another page called "create post". 
Also the home page consist of an button  at top right of navbar to add new event named "+Add Event". which will redirect to page called "new event" for new event generation.

### b. create post (create_post.html) page description:
 It has two windowed screen 
#### 1. first window (left) consists of all the above mentioned card data (data displayed on that card at home page) and an chat like interface below it where user will ask llm to generate the linked post or edit response for him . 
For this their should be two buttons 
i. **generate** button. This button will trigger llm at backend to generate an draft post using available data at backend when the event was created ( notes, images and transcriptions added by user at time of event creation.) plus the metadata (name, description, date).
ii. **edit** button. This button will edit he generated content of llm and replace it with the user specified query in chats. 
#### 2. On the other half second window (right) their is an preview window where user can see the llm response and can either manually edit it or edit it via llm via chat on mentioned above.

### c. new event (new_event.html) page description:
This page is triggered when user click on "+Add Event" button on home page to add new events notes, transcription and images. 
1.so the first part of this page provide users to add notes via voice (converted to transcriptions) , and text and to add the event pictures. Once added user can save the event information via save button at end.
2. once the user clicked on "save" button These notes content (text and transcription) is  passed to llm to provide the event name and short description which is then displayed at "home page" in card. 

---

## The backend of application:
- the backend consist of three files : 
1. app.py (application endpoints (use fastapi))
2. utils.py (supporting backend code (transcriptions engine (faster-whisper),other functions used))
3. llm.py (code for llm initialization and prompts used in different pat of frontend pages)
- Make sure the data provided by user for an event is being dumped in an directory called "event_data" at backend with the name generated by llm while saving event.
- Use langchain  framework to build this application.
- for now don't use database

## provide me solution with python code